( dramatic theme playing )
Direct hit.
is solid monotanium,
The target buoy
ten meters thick,
shielded by a chromoelectric
force field.
Impressive.
you agree.
I'm glad
travel this region
It's not wise to
without adequate
defenses.
scuttled ships
I've seen
with more firepower
than Voyager.
I'm sure you have.
Imagine what you'll be capable
of once the isokinetic cannon
your defensive systems.
is integrated into
One projectile
can penetrate the shields
of any heavily armored
vessel.
Hostile species will
know to avoid Voyager
by reputation alone.
You've made your point,
Mr. Kovin.
I want the cannon.
And I'm prepared
to give you...
spanning 12 sectors.
astrometric charts
unusually precise.
You'll find them
Even the most sophisticated
charts become obsolete.
they're no longer accurate.
One random anomaly, and
However...
if you were to include
I could be persuaded
the mapping technology
that created them.
Sorry.
Our astrometric sensors
were designed specifically
for this ship.
They'd be of no use
to you.
What I can offer you
isolinear processing chips.
is a generous supply of
how to integrate them
We'll even show you
into your existing
sensor technology.
How generous a supply?
One hundred chips.
One hundred fifty.
115.
125--
Done. Escort our guest
to engineering.
supervising
You'll be
the installation
of the cannon?
for a modest fee.
Of course...
Five additional chips.
No more.
the art of negotiation
It's good to see
isn't lost on you,
captain.
( door closes )
That guy is worse
than a Ferengi.
Assign Seven of Nine
to work on this.
She's got a knack for adapting
alien technology.
Should I give her
complete access
to the engineering
control systems?
I'm ready to give her
some latitude.
She's been behaving herself
lately.
( door opens )
( beeping )
you working on?
What are
decode the message
I'm trying to
Starfleet Command sent us
several weeks ago.
Any progress?
None.
I'm working on a new
decryption algorithm.
I'd like you to set it
aside for a while.
assignment for you.
I have another
What is it?
( beeping )
The Captain wants you
to help Kovin
the new weapon system.
integrate
I'd rather not.
I find him inefficient.
Maybe so, but you seem
to work well with him.
You've been asking
for more responsibilities.
I thought you'd be pleased.
The captain gives me
greater liberty
only when she needs
my expertise.
You violated her trust,
you're gonna have to earn it,
and if you want it back,
one step at a time.
( dramatic theme playing )
I will report to engineering.
isolinear buffer circuits
You'll need to install
here and here.
power relay
The main
by a containment field.
should be protected
All the buffer circuits
Unnecessary.
would have to fail
simultaneously
for there to be
any danger.
We prefer to play it safe.
I'll check the inventory logs
to see if we have
a field generator
available.
( beeping )
What are you doing?
the tactical control systems.
I'm reconfiguring
The isokinetic circuits
requires
a specialized protocol.
take care of it.
Let me
That won't be
necessary.
( beeping continues )
No. No!
The subroutines need
to be arranged
in cascading sequence!
Let me show you.
( grunts )
( dramatic theme continues )
TORRES:
Seven, stop.
( sighing )
( triumphant theme playing )
There's a hairline fracture
of the premaxilla bone.
DOCTOR:
( Kovin gasping )
Do you see this, Captain?
She shattered it.
It's easily repaired.
Do you have any idea why
Seven attacked you?
She came at me like an animal.
It was unprovoked.
Well, I wouldn't put it
like that.
I was at another console
about 10 meters away.
I heard Kovin raise his voice,
and when I looked around,
I saw that he was holding
her arm.
I barely touched her!
to move her out of my way,
A gentle gesture
so I could get to
the console.
Then she turned on me,
attacked me.
What did you say
to her?
how to reconfigure
I told her
the tactical control
systems properly.
That's all.
Is that all?
she knocked him down.
And that's when
had to hold her back.
Ashmore and I
She would have killed me.
That woman is dangerous.
It's a miracle you survived.
or this won't heal properly.
Now hold still,
Why are you questioning me
on this?
You should be disciplining
your crew member.
I'll deal with it.
Believe me,
my sincere apology.
Please accept
if you'll excuse me.
Now,
Good as new.
( groaning )
( door chimes )
Come in.
Here we are again.
Oh, I'm tired of having
this conversation.
I'm going to say.
You know what
you're going to respond,
I know how
so it seems pointless
to say anything.
Shall I consider my privileges
restricted
and confine myself
to the cargo bay?
established that
I think we've
disciplinary actions
traditional
don't work with you.
The question is,
what will?
Are you asking for
my opinion?
I suppose I am...
I'm running out of options.
Because frankly,
isn't gonna solve anything.
Throwing you in the brig
Neither is slapping you
on the wrist.
And it's not as though
I don't understand
your feelings about Kovin.
There have been a few times
when I'd have liked
to pop him in the nose
myself,
but you have to start learning
the difference
between having an impulse
and acting on it.
any sense to you?
Does that make
I believe so.
I will give it more thought.
( sighs )
Well, that's a start.
excitement this morning.
I hear there was some
improve your social skills,
When I started helping you
I'm fairly certain I didn't
include a boxing lesson.
You weren't hurt,
were you?
No.
Still a bit tense?
Perhaps.
the burden you carry...
I understand
constantly being obligated
to deal with those
who fall short of
excellence.
my own patience
I often find
being tested by someone
like Mr. Kovin.
Of course, I generally respond
with a devastating quip
rather than a left hook.
( beeping )
We must both accept
the fact that
ever meet our high standards.
very few life-forms will
get irritated,
So when you
just try to be tolerant,
and remember...they can't help
being what they are.
increased engramatic activity
Hm...I'm reading some
and your adrenaline levels
are slightly elevated.
What does that indicate?
It's consistent with a state
of heightened tension.
I'll run some scans.
Lie down and
In a typical human,
I would consider this
a mood swing,
but with your unique physiology,
I'd like to rule out
a chemical imbalance.
the possibility of
( beeping )
( gasps )
Have you been experiencing
any other symptoms...
disorientation?
headaches,
No.
( ominous theme playing )
( heavy breathing )
( beeping )
Physiological scans
seem normal.
your Borg implants now.
I'm going to check
( gasps )
Seven, what's wrong?
Let me out.
I will. Stay calm.
( gasping )
No more procedures.
All right.
Stay away!
You mustn't do this.
Do what?
what are you so afraid of?
Seven,
I don't know.
She experienced an episode
of acute anxiety
with all the trimmings--
Intense apprehension,
shortness of breath,
dizziness.
I finally managed
to sedate her.
Could this have been caused
by her cortical implants?
I don't think so.
I think the problem has to do
with memory suppression.
a high concentration
I've detected
in Seven's hippocampus,
of biogenic amines
I haven't noticed before.
a substance
It's blocking several portions
of her memory center.
where it came from?
Do you know
No, but it seems to be
dissipating.
Seven's unusual
behavior may be the result
of the blocked memories
beginning to surface,
memories which she can't
identify yet.
Can you treat her?
involve integrating
Treatment would
into Seven's consciousness.
the repressed memories
a standard therapeutic
I may be able to use
regression technique.
that you were programmed
I wasn't aware
with psychotherapeutic
capabilities.
I wasn't, but in the absence
of a ship's counselor,
a psychiatric subroutine
I've been developing
to add to my program.
I'll be even more
valuable to you
than I am now.
Keep me informed,
doctor.
Hm.
A Jungian therapist
DOCTOR:
would attempt to retrieve
unconscious memories
by exploring synchronicities
in recent events.
Amanin of Betazed would argue
On the other hand,
that a combination of
sensory isolation
and focused breathing techniques
would be more effective.
the finer points of both
I've integrated
to create my own approach
to memory reconstruction.
What does this approach
involve?
putting you at ease
First,
by performing the treatment
here in your own environment.
cortical probes
Once the
the neural pathways,
have reinforced
I'll use a directed
imagery technique
to guide you through
the regression.
You may proceed.
close your eyes.
Please,
Clear your mind.
Try not to think
or to analyze.
is now clear.
My mind
Seven, this isn't
an exercise in efficiency.
Close your eyes.
Breathe deeply.
Now concentrate on
the sound of my voice.
Let go of the present.
Leave the cargo bay behind.
Allow yourself...
to drift.
( dramatic theme playing )
Describe the first image
that enters your mind.
A medical tricorder.
Duratanium casing,
by 9.8 centimeters
7.6 centimeters
by 3.2 centimeters.
Alpha-numeric
display--
That's enough.
So...
You're in Sickbay.
How does the tricorder
make you feel?
It disturbs me.
SEVEN:
disturb you?
Why does it
DOCTOR:
it will hurt me.
I'm afraid
Is there anything
else there
to anticipate pain?
that causes you
The diagnostic bed.
It's closing around me.
SEVEN:
You feel restrained,
DOCTOR:
confined.
Yes. I'm uneasy.
SEVEN:
About what?
DOCTOR:
It's Kovin.
What is he doing?
He's restraining me.
SEVEN:
I want to get away from him,
but I can't.
SEVEN:
Kovin's using some kind
of instrument on me.
SEVEN:
( gasps )
Seven?
I didn't recall this before.
Recall what?
Kovin, he...
a surgical procedure on me.
He performed
extracted Borg technology
He...
from my body.
He violated me.
We're making progress.
DOCTOR:
Now, tell me.
This surgical procedure...
When did it happen?
I don't know.
The details are vague.
There are only images.
And you're sure
it was Kovin?
Did you see Kovin?
Yes.
he was restraining you,
You said
using an instrument
of some sort.
He was.
Were you on Voyager
when this happened?
No.
It must have been
when we were
testing the weapons
on the surface.
Then concentrate on
that away mission.
Focus on the first image
that enters your mind.
Describe it for me.
A large, granitic stone...
one-half meter high.
approximately
to develop beyond the image.
Now, allow that memory
Integrate it into
your consciousness.
Let the memory
take shape.
( dramatic theme playing )
I'm at the weapons range.
SEVEN:
Kovin had taken us there
various handheld firearms
to evaluate
he wished to offer
in trade.
He attempted to impress us
with a demonstration
destructive capabilities.
of the weapons'
a more objective analysis.
My role was to provide
particle-beam rifle.
Terawatt powered
Four microsecond
recharge cycle.
Ten kilometer range.
Definitely not standard
Starfleet issue.
What do you think?
72 percent fragmentation,
28 percent vaporization.
Crude, but efficient.
as our compression rifles,
It's not as accurate
but it's a lot easier
to handle.
carrying one of these
I wouldn't mind
the next time we run
into the Hirogen.
The targeting mechanism
could be augmented
SEVEN:
guidance sensor.
with a thermal
accuracy by 24 percent.
That would increase
I can do that now.
Care to join me?
that the adjustments
You can make sure
to your specifications.
are performed
If you don't mind,
I'd like to
PARIS:
the other firearms.
test some of
Go right ahead.
This way.
to a small laboratory.
Kovin took me
SEVEN:
Describe it.
DOCTOR:
It was poorly illuminated.
SEVEN:
technology unfamiliar to me.
I saw various instruments,
developed new weapon designs.
I assumed this was where he
( beeping )
is thoron-based.
This weapon
Most of these handheld
disruptors are.
Thoron can be unstable
in weapons.
Not if you polarize
the emitter matrix.
for any instabilities.
That compensates
Watch.
What are you doing?
the weapon on me.
He turned
He fired?
I remember it now.
Yes,
What happened next?
I'm not sure.
Concentrate.
See the laboratory
in your mind.
There was a light
in my eyes.
in the room with you?
Was Kovin still
DOCTOR:
Restrain her. Quickly.
SEVEN: Yes.
And another Entharan
was assisting him.
SEVEN:
Borg technology.
This is
That's what I've been
telling you.
KOVIN:
Let me go.
to an examination table.
They bound me
What did they do to you?
Did they scan you?
is engaged and pressurized.
The bio-ablation pump
( groaning, panting)
The growth medium
is activating the implants.
The nanoprobes are
multiplying.
( gasping )
They put a device
near my head.
my ocular implant.
They removed
SEVEN:
And...
some of the implants in my arm
were activated.
Can you be more specific?
Which ones?
KOVIN:
Use the maximum setting
of the metagenic pulse
to stimulate
the implants.
The assimilation tubules
are ready.
WOMAN:
Prepare to harvest
the nanoprobes.
They extracted nanoprobes
SEVEN:
assimilation tubules.
through my
unable to stop them.
I was powerless,
You couldn't be expected to.
DOCTOR:
You were restrained.
Then what happened?
They took the nanoprobes
to another subject,
SEVEN:
also restrained,
and they...
...they assimilated him.
Well done.
The next thing I remember,
I was back in Kovin's lab.
He claimed the particle-beam
rifle overloaded,
that it burned my hand,
but it was a lie.
They had attacked me.
I should have been more careful.
I'm sorry.
a dermal regenerator?
Do you have
Of course.
I'll inform the captain.
( door opens, closes )
There's no doubt
that Seven was the victim
of a brutal assault.
How is she?
As well as can
be expected.
She's regenerating
in her alcove.
I predict her emotional recovery
will take some time.
I certainly hope you intend
to hold Kovin responsible
for what he's done.
First, I want to know
how much of her story
we can corroborate.
Tom, you were with her
on the planet.
How long was she alone
with Kovin?
At least two hours.
When she came back, did she say
anything about what happened?
Only that they'd finished
their work on the rifle.
She seemed fine.
Clearly, Mr. Kovin used
some artificial means
to suppress her memory
of the event.
That would explain the unusual
engramatic activity
in her neurological scans.
I found
Did you find any other
physical evidence
of the medical procedures
she described?
No.
used Seven's own nanoprobes
I suspect Mr. Kovin
any cellular damage.
to repair
She distinctly remembers
Kovin extracting them.
You seen to be accepting Seven's
recovered memories as fact.
Are you suggesting
otherwise?
Historically, recovered memories
have often proven unreliable.
Yes, in cases where
a traumatic experience
has been repressed
for years.
a very recent memory here
But we're dealing with
that was blocked by
artificial means.
When I removed
that mechanism,
everything that happened.
Seven remembered
is rarely perfect.
Human memory
What are you saying,
Tuvok?
is making this up?
That Seven
but we must remember
No,
hallucinatory images before.
that she's experienced
That was in direct response
to a signal from the ship
where she was assimilated.
hallucinations now.
She's not having
what happened to her.
She's remembering
I've confirmed this
by analyzing the specific
engramatic activity
in her hippocampus. We're not
talking about conjecture.
We're talking about science.
get bogged down.
Let's not
serious accusations,
Seven has made
dismiss them.
and I won't
If Kovin assaulted her
of her Borg technology,
and took a sample
we can't stand by
and do nothing.
In the wrong hands,
a single nanoprobe
could lead to disaster.
Doctor, I want you
to keep searching
for any physical evidence
to back up Seven's claim.
I will talk to Kovin.
Dismissed.
( door opens, closes )
This is offensive
and absurd!
She's obviously
lying.
Why would she
do that?
Maybe you can answer that.
She's your crew member.
she attacks me,
First,
these ridiculous stories,
then she invents
to place the blame on me.
and you try
of negotiating tactic?
Is this some kind
no hidden agenda.
I have
to clarify what happened.
I'm simply trying
We went to my laboratory
I told you already.
to adjust the guidance system
on the particle-beam rifle.
And that took two hours?
absolute precision.
She insisted on
that Seven was exposed
We've confirmed
thoron discharge.
to an intense
She was. After the rifle's
power cell overloaded.
the accident immediately.
We reported
She now remembers that you fired
the weapon at her deliberately.
The doctor tells me
That's preposterous.
the blast could have been enough
to render her unconscious.
But it didn't.
We were both startled
for a moment,
and after I apologized
for the accident,
a dermal regenerator,
she asked if I had
and I used it on her arm,
which I did,
the mechanical implants.
the one with
Which you recognized
as Borg.
she'd been a Borg.
I was aware
She told me herself.
Did you ever express curiosity
in that technology,
or try to examine it
more closely?
No.
You never considered
the potential value
it might have
as a weapon?
Is that what you think
I've done?
You may not realize
Borg technology can be.
how dangerous
If you've taken even
a single nanoprobe,
about it right now.
I need to know
I haven't taken anything.
I'd like to examine
your laboratory
to be absolutely sure.
No.
This has already gone
too far.
Then I'll have to contact
the authorities.
Maybe they'll be
more helpful.
Are you willing to risk
our trade agreement
one crew member's delusions?
all on the basis of
Yes.
Now...
are you going to cooperate
with our investigation?
I don't seem to have
much choice.
You stated that the rifle's
power cell overloaded
as a result of a faulty
oscillator adjustment.
That's right.
Can you describe in more detail
how that occurred?
I was showing her how to
polarize the emitter matrix.
I must have tuned the
induction frequency too high.
Were you unfamiliar
with that procedure?
No.
I have done it 100 times.
a careless mistake.
It was
How many times do I need
to apologize?
a statement of remorse.
I am not seeking
Then what do you want?
Are you trying to catch me
in a lie?
Trick me into confessing?
You can't, because there's
nothing for me to confess!
anything wrong!
I haven't done
One of our crew members
claims that you have.
Your crew member,
Seven of Nine...
she's very fortunate.
How so?
She has an entire crew
leaping to her defense.
I have no one.
The Entharan representative
will be here shortly.
You mean the Magistrate?
He won't help me.
protecting diplomatic relations
He's more interested in
with people like you.
he'll want to know the truth.
Surely,
That's all we're seeking.
You don't
understand.
On my world, we depend on trade
with alien species.
There are strict protocols
about those relationships.
Even being accused of
violating them
is a serious offense.
You will have the opportunity
to refute any charges.
It won't matter.
the damage is done.
Once they're made,
I won't be trusted
any longer.
I'll be ruined.
Please...
your crew member.
I never hurt
Don't do this.
I have no choice.
I'm afraid
But I assure you,
our investigation
will be conducted
impartial manner.
in a fair and
You strike me as a man
of your word.
I won't be prejudged,
If you tell me
then I believe you.
( dramatic theme playing )
How are you feeling?
I am undamaged.
But how do you feel?
Seven, your physical
scars have healed,
but the psychological effects
are still there.
You'll have to deal
with them.
For what purpose?
In order to heal.
Kovin attacked you...
violated your rights
as an individual.
It's important that you
recognize that
any hostility or resentment
so you can understand
you might be feeling.
is a human trait.
Resentment
It has no structure,
no function.
I want no part of it.
You're going to have
to begin accepting
human feelings exist,
the fact that your
and that suppressing them
can damage you.
If I am not aware of
these feelings,
express them?
how can I
Let me ask you this.
What would have happened
if Kovin had tried to
take Borg technology
the Collective?
directly from
He would have been
assimilated.
Which is why he chose you.
Precisely.
what he wanted
He could get
without running
any risks.
which made me vulnerable.
It was my individuality
Exactly.
that individuality.
He violated
What he did is an affront
to everything you are.
Borg and human.
It was the act of a coward.
Yes!
willing to use you
Someone who was
in the cruelest way
create new weapons
so that he could
and sell them.
I believe I'm beginning
to experience anger.
Anger toward Kovin.
Good. That's a perfectly
healthy, normal response.
And when Kovin gets
what he deserves,
you're going to feel
much better.
( dramatic theme playing )
Right this way, Magistrate.
KOVIN:
My laboratory.
( dramatic theme continues
playing )
examination tables.
There are no
I told you.
Just workbenches.
the entire facility?
Is this
Yes.
We should scan
for signs
that the room may have been
altered recently.
During her regression,
Seven described instruments
similar to these.
Of course she did.
She was here.
She said a device
DOCTOR:
like this was used to remove
her optic implant.
That's a micro-caliper.
to remove the casings
I used it
on the particle-beam rifle.
over the guidance system
an electrodynamic probe?
And isn't this
Yes.
Hm.
a monofilament stimulator.
It's equipped with
Could it be used to manipulate
the neurotransmitter levels
in a human brain?
Not as it is.
But with the proper
modifications?
With the proper
modifications,
I could reconfigure
your combadge
neurotransmitters.
to manipulate
What's your point?
you've just made it.
I believe
( tricorder beeping )
on many of these instruments.
There's cellular residue
Seven's genome.
It matches
With your permission,
sir,
I'd like to take these tools
back to Voyager
more conclusive scans.
where I can run
Take whatever you need.
Doctor, there are a number
TUVOK:
of Borg nanoprobes
on the surface of
this table.
collect a sample.
I'll just
( beeping )
Hm...
That's where
her arm was hit
when the rifle
overloaded.
The dispersal pattern
is consistent
dermal rupture.
with a
These nanoprobes were
recently regenerated.
If this were nothing more
than cellular residue
from Seven's injury,
would be dormant.
the nanoprobes
But these have been activated
in a very specific pattern.
I've seen enough.
Kovin,
there is sufficient
evidence here
to detain you, pending
official proceedings.
No!
Please...
Stay where you are!
don't...
Kovin,
I trusted you.
KOVIN:
an impartial investigation,
You said it would be
to find what you want to find.
but you're all determined
Well, I'm not gonna
let this happen.
( combadge beeps )
Tuvok to Voyager.
Janeway here.
JANEWAY:
Mr. Kovin has transported
out of the laboratory.
his present position?
Can you track
TUVOK:
Stand by.
a transporter signature
I'm picking up
KIM:
above the surface.
300 kilometers
Captain, there's
PARIS:
a ship powering its engines
at those coordinates.
Magistrate, do you want us
to follow him?
Yes, but I'd like
to join you.
Very well. We'll beam you
to Voyager. Stand by.
JANEWAY:
( dramatic theme playing )
Kovin's ship is on a heading
of one-eight mark two-five.
Set an intercept course.
Get ready to lock on
a tractor beam.
He's only at
half impulse.
His ship may not have
warp engines.
We're at 9,000 kilometers
and closing.
the tractor beam.
I'm engaging
I can't find him.
All of my sensor readings
have disappeared.
a photonic pulse.
He generated
It took them off-line.
We'll have to reinitialize
the entire sensor array.
Do it.
( beeping )
Our investigation has suddenly
turned into a manhunt.
The fact that he's running shows
that he's got something to hide.
Until we find out what that is,
we can't risk letting him go.
( dramatic theme continues
playing )
stardate 51679.4.
Captain's log,
JANEWAY:
signature from Kovin's ship
We've detected the warp
and we're now in pursuit.
In the meantime,
Tuvok and I have been examining
the tools from Kovin's lab.
This isn't getting
us anywhere.
Seven's cellular residue
is on every one of these,
if she simply handled them.
but that would be true
My examination of the rifle
is equally inconclusive.
It may have overloaded
accidentally...
Or not.
I'm getting a bad feeling
about this, Tuvok.
We aren't finding anything
that implicates Kovin.
our investigation
I told him
would be impartial.
It has...
I believe it has been.
But I'll admit I had some
preconceptions about him.
They may have influenced
my judgment.
The strongest evidence
so far
is the nanoprobes
the doctor found.
The fact that they
were regenerated
was experimenting with them.
suggests that Kovin
We don't know a great deal
about the interaction
and Borg physiology.
between nanoprobes
It might be
worthwhile
to simulate the effect
of the rifle blast
on Seven's arm
and see what happens
to the nanoprobes.
Good.
Maybe that'll give us
some answers.
Is this really necessary,
Captain?
enough trauma already.
She's suffered
to make accusations
We don't want
an innocent man.
against
everything we can
We have to do
concrete evidence.
to find some
an innocent man.
He is not
what he did to me.
I know
But we must have
proof.
may provide us with it.
And this experiment
We've configured
this hypospray
to simulate the energy
of a thoron blast.
We'll collect thin layers
of your skin tissue
and examine the effects.
It won't be painful.
I am not afraid.
I am angry.
Try to be patient.
I know.
some answers soon.
We may have
let's see what we've got.
All right,
( dramatic theme playing )
I think you better
take a look.
What do you see?
The nanoprobes...
are regenerating
the same pattern
in exactly
in Kovin's laboratory.
we saw
a spontaneous response
It appears to be
which could have
been caused by
the energy released
from the thoron weapon.
It doesn't matter.
Kovin is guilty.
Seven...
there's no doubt
in my mind
what you're saying,
that you believe
but is it possible...
just possible...
and the doctor recovered
That the memories you
aren't accurate?
How could that be?
During your time
with the Borg,
you were subjected
to invasive
medical procedures.
You undoubtedly witnessed
other victims
being assimilated.
what you're remembering?
Could that be
You know that's not right.
Tell them.
Everything led me to believe
that you were a victim.
to Kovin in engineering,
Your extreme response
when I was examining you...
your irrational fear
Something prompted that
behavior, and I believed
it was a repressed memory
of your ordeal
with Kovin.
That is what it was.
But if I'm to be impartial,
I have to acknowledge
that your neurology is still
something of a mystery to me.
triggered those memories.
I can't be certain what
And we can't ignore
the fact
that this evidence supports
Kovin's story...
and not yours.
You were the one who helped me
to understand what happened
and now you're denying it.
Seven, no one's abandoning you,
but we have to do what's right.
and tell him what we learned.
We have to find Kovin
I would feel better
The doctor told me
what he deserves.
when Kovin gets
to be punished.
I want him
I won't settle for
anything less.
( dramatic theme playing )
Mr. Paris.
JANEWAY:
He's in range.
Visual.
Hail him.
( beeping )
No response.
He's charging weapons.
Open a channel.
All frequencies.
this is Captain Janeway.
Mr. Kovin,
We believe we've made a mistake
in accusing you.
We only want to correct
the situation.
Stand down your weapons.
( machine beeps )
He's responding.
Stop your pursuit.
I can damage your ship.
to take you by force.
We're not here
Then let me go.
Kovin, listen to me.
must be resolved.
The proceedings
This is a trap.
JANEWAY: No.
We've discovered information
that supports your story.
I don't believe you.
We've reexamined
the evidence.
Finding the nanoprobes led us
to the wrong conclusion.
your thoron rifle did overload.
We know now that
Please...
DOCTOR:
( console beeping )
He's firing a spread
of photon pulses.
( crash )
to 82 percent.
Shields down
Back off. Give him some
breathing room.
JANEWAY:
heading right for us.
He's coming about,
to the power grid.
Direct hit
Innocent or not, he's going
to destroy your vessel.
Captain?
He's come under enough fire
from us already.
Harry, try to beam him
off his ship.
a scattering field.
He's thrown up
I can't get a lock.
Keep trying.
( crash )
Shields are down.
to his photonic emitters.
He's shunting all power
We must protect ourselves.
Disable his ship.
hard to port, full thrusters.
No. Evasive maneuvers,
Aye.
I've almost got a lock on him.
A few more seconds.
KIM:
He's charging weapons
again.
his emitters are overloading.
Captain,
are destabilizing.
All his systems
Open a channel.
your scattering field.
Kovin, shut down
Let us beam
you aboard.
He's firing.
Kovin!
( dramatic theme continues
playing )
Harry?
( console beeping )
to lock onto, Captain.
I can't find anything
( dramatic theme grows somber )
There's nothing more
we could have done.
Stand down red alert.
back to the Entharan colony.
Mr. Paris, set a course
( beeping )
Chief medical officer's log,
stardate 51658.2.
DOCTOR:
I've spent the past three days
being cross-examined
by the Entharan authorities,
is finally resolved.
but the matter
Doctor.
Yes.
my weekly maintenance.
I'm here for
Oh, of course.
This way, please.
Metabolic rate
is stable.
Electro-optic implant
is aligned.
Your blood pressure
is...slightly off,
but within tolerance.
perfect health.
You're in
See you next week.
feel perfect.
I do not
What do you mean?
I am preoccupied
by Kovin's death.
Join the club.
I can think about.
It's all
I was responsible
As a Borg,
of countless millions
for the destruction
and I felt nothing,
but now...
I regret the destruction
of this single being.
It's called remorse,
Seven.
when you make a mistake...
It comes into play
about what you've done.
and you feel guilt
Another new emotion
for you to experience.
any more than I enjoyed anger.
I do not enjoy this remorse
Will the feeling subside?
Yes, but not quickly.
not have to wait.
I would rather
you don't have much choice.
I'm afraid
( somber theme playing )
But maybe I do.
I've isolated the algorithms
responsible for my desire
my original programming.
to expand beyond
I want to delete them.
Why?
It was my...
urge to experiment,
with improving myself
my infatuation
that led to this tragedy.
I fancied myself a psychologist,
a ship's counselor,
for the complexities that come
but I wasn't prepared
with such
a responsibility.
In my enthusiasm
to help Seven of Nine,
my medical objectivity.
I lost
a self-righteous advocate.
I became
I didn't stop to think
for one second...
...that I might be wrong.
That mustn't happen again.
to the state you were in
You want to go back
when we first activated you?
I'll still be capable
of treating
medical conditions,
any and all
of overstepping my bounds.
but without the risk
It's for the best,
Captain.
Oh, I'm not so sure.
benefited greatly
This crew has
from your improvements
over the years.
Request denied.
Captain--
I won't turn back
the clock because of
one mistake,
no matter how serious...
how you might feel.
...and no matter
I'm a physician.
I'm supposed to preserve life,
not destroy it.
the thought that...
I can't live with
I might do it again.
With any luck...
...that knowledge will prevent
it from happening again.
We all rallied around Seven,
doctor, myself included.
she was part of this family,
I wanted her to know that
that we would support her,
fight for her,
no matter what.
We let our good intentions
blind us.
We all bear responsibility
for Kovin's death.
have to live with it.
And we all
But to delete that burden
would be the last thing
any of us should do.
( somber theme playing )
( door opens, closes )
( triumphant theme playing )